docs: explain specific nixos configurations (#11029)
rook/rook: Documentation/Getting-Started/Prerequisites/prerequisites.md

If you will be creating volumes from a Ceph shared file system (CephFS), the recommended minimum kernel version is **4.17**.
If you have a kernel version less than 4.17, the requested PVC sizes will not be enforced. Storage quotas will only be
enforced on newer kernels.

## Distro Notes

Specific configurations for some distributions.

### NixOS

When you use NixOS, the kernel modules will be found in the non-standard path `/run/current-system/kernel-modules/lib/modules/`,

> and they'll be symlinks to stuff located inside the also non-standard path `/nix`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and they'll be symlinked inside the non-standard path `/nix`.
```

For Rook Ceph containers to be able to load the required modules, they need read access to those locations.

> If you install Rook with Helm, add this to your `values.yaml`:

Reviewer: How about if we leave the complex example settings out of this doc and just mention the setting names?
```suggestion
If you install Rook with Helm, uncomment the examples settings in `values.yaml`:
- `csiCephFSPluginVolume`
- `csiCephFSPluginVolumeMount`
- `csiRBDPluginVolume`
- `csiRBDPluginVolumeMount`
```

> ```yaml

Reviewer 2: @travisn how about also leaving this setting commented in the manifest files?
